#summary This document is the seventh page of the API specification for our database.

= Overview =

==*class CompareOps*==

The *CompareOps* class contains all of the functions that are used to perform comparison operations on *Table* objects and the rows/columns contained in them.  

===Data Members===

static final String TRUE    = "TRUE";  - all of these data members are used to provide 
static final String FALSE   = "FALSE"; - arguments needed for the comparison functions
static final String STRING  = "STRING";
static final String DOUBLE  = "DOUBLE";
static final String INTEGER = "INTEGER";
static final String BOOLEAN = "BOOLEAN";

===Constructor Summary===

None.

===Method Summary===

static Table *and*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the AND operation of the SELECT query by creating a union of _lTable_ and _rTable_.

static Table *or*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the OR operation of the SELECT query by creating an intersection of _lTable and _rTable_.

static Table *not*(Table _table_) - Performs the NOT operation of the SELECT query by setting key values in _table_ to FALSE if they are TRUE, and vice versa.

static Table *notEqual*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the != operation of the SELECT query by comparing _lTable_ and _rTable_ and setting values as necessary.

static Table *equals*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the = operation of the SELECT query by comparing _lTable_ and _rTable_ and setting values as necessary.

static Table *lessEqual*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the <= operation of the SELECT query by comparing _lTable_ and _rTable_ and setting values as necessary.

static Table *greaterEqual*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the >= operation of the SELECT query by comparing _lTable_ and _rTable_ and setting values as necessary.

static Table *greaterThan*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the > operation of the SELECT query by comparing _lTable_ and _rTable_ and setting values as necessary.

static Table *lessThan*(Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Performs the < operation of the SELECT query by comparing _lTable_ and _rTable_ and setting values as necessary.