#summary This document is the API specification for our database.

= Overview =


== Classes ==

==*class Table*==

public class *Table*

The Table class is used to display and edit regular two-dimensional tables of cells.  It is composed as a vector of Vector< Object > and includes private vectors for storage of column names and column types, as well as a string *tableName*.

===Constructor Summary===

*Table*() - Constructs a default *Table* that is initialized with a default data model, a default column model, and a default selection model.

*Table*(Table _oldTable_) - The copy constructor for *Table* that creates an exact copy of _oldTable_.

*Table*(String _name_, Table _lTable_, Table _rTable_) - Analogous to the *SQL JOIN* operation, this constructor takes in a string (the table name) and two other tables and constructs a new table called _name_ that is composed of the joined _lTable_ and _rTable_. 

*Table*(String _name_, int _rows_, int _columns_) - Constructs a *Table* called _name_ with _rows_ number of rows and _columns_ number of columns.

*Table*(int _rows_, int _columns_) - Constructs an unnamed *Table* with _rows_ number of rows and _columns_ number of columns.

*Table*(String _name_, Vector< String > _columnNames_, Vector< String > _columnTypes_) - Constructs a *Table* called _name_ with one vector of _columnNames_ and another of _columnTypes_.


===Method Summary===

Object *getValueAt*(int _row_, int _column_) - Gets the row _row_ and the column _column_ from the *Table*.

void *setValueAt*(Object _value_, int _row_, int _column_) - Sets the value _value_ at the specified row _row_ and column _column_.

int *getRowCount*() - Returns the number of rows in the *Table*.

int *getColumnCount*() - Returns the number of columns in the *Table*.

int *colWithName*(String _name_) - 