#summary This document is the sixth page of the API specification for our database.

= Overview =

==*class TableOps*==

The *TableOps* class contains all of the functions that are used to perform operations on *Table* objects, as well as the functions analogous to SQL SELECT and FROM.  

===Data Members===

static ArrayList< Table > *db* - Functions as the database in which we will store and retrieve all of our *Table* objects.

===Constructor Summary===

None.

===Method Summary===

public static Table *from*(ArrayList< Table > _database_, String _tableNames_) - Works like the SQL FROM statement.  Returns one or more *Table* objects from the _database_.

public static Table *select*(String _query_) - Parses the _query_ into a table name portion, a database portion, and a conditions portion.  Selects a column (or columns) from a *Table* returned by *from*() from the database that matches the conditions portion of _query_, implemented in *where*().

public static String *selectAs*(String _query_, Table _table_) - Parses the _query_ to see if the statement AS exists; if it does, it renames the columns chosen by *select*() as the strings passed in the second part of _query_ and adds them to the *Table*.

public static void *update*(String _query_) - Modifies columns in the selected *Table* that are specified by _query_.

public static void *delete*(String _query_) - Deletes columns in the selected *Table* that are specified by _query_.

public static void *drop*(String _query_) - Removes *Table* objects from the database that are specified by _query_.

public static void *create*(String _query_) - Creates a new *Table* with the values and types specified by _query_ and adds it to the database.

public static Table *insert*(String _query_) - Finds the *Table* specified by _query_, checks the types of values to be inserted, and adds values into the rows specified by _query_.

public static Table *in*(Table _table_, String _query_) - Works like the SQL IN operator.  Checks for items in *Table* that match the values specified in _query_ and returns a *Table* containing those items if the do exist.